Update outdated docs, improve naming, prefer user props over auth hook in docs (#2535)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/auth/social-auth/overview.md

#### 3. Showing the Correct State on the Client

You can check the `isSignupComplete` flag on the `user` object.

> If you're on an authenticated page the `user` can be fetched through the [props](../../auth/overview#getting-the-user-in-authenticated-routes), otherwise use the [`useAuth()`](../../auth/overview#getting-the-user-in-non-authenticated-routes) hook instead.

Reviewer: I'd change it to something like this:
```suggestion
Authenticated pages come with the [`user` prop](../../auth/overview#getting-the-user-in-authenticated-routes) which gives you access to the current user. If the `user` prop is out of reach, fetch the current user with the  [`useAuth()` hook](../../auth/overview#getting-the-user-in-non-authenticated-routes).
```
Explanation:
- Active voice is better than passive voice
- Shorter sentences are easier to parse
- "fetched" implies a network request, which the prop doesn't do.
- URLS look more natural when they span the entire noun phrase (e.g., "useAuth hook" instead of "useAuth").
- Other stuff just has to do with the flow and is probably a little subjective.

I also liked your previous explanation and we seemed to have lost it. You can append it here:
```
As a rule of thumb:
- If a component only makes sense for authenticated users, it's best to rely on the `user` prop.
- If a component works for both authenticated and non-authenticated users and needs information about the current user, reach for the `useAuth` hook.

Reviewer: Also, seems like we repeat the same thing (hook vs prop) both here (in social auth overview) and in the regular auth overview.

@infomiho Is this on purpose or did we miss it?

Reviewer: Yeah, it's not ideal. Because it's not really about routes/pages. It's about any component inside the tree:
- Anything that's in the tree whose root is an authenticated page should use the prop (and we should pass it down accordingly)
- Other stuff should use `useAuth`

As I was writing the first point, something seemed off. @FranjoMindek What would be the best way to do this, if we had a clean slate? Would the user always sit in the context (instead of getting passed via the props)?

On the topic on where to put this rule of thumb... If you can't fit it anywhere, we can leave it out. Like you said, we already have those titles, they probably explain it well enough.

Author: > ### Getting the `user` in non-authenticated routes
Now that I think about it, it may lead people to think that it can't be used in authenticated routes.
We do say that it's a `useQuery` wrapper, but 🤷

Reviewer: Ok, let's merge this know and we'll come back to this discussion at a different time (has nothing to do with the PR anyway).
